Hello themselves bread TV
we will do a podcast not under no review
podcast on 3 crusts
so let's first look at the composition
composition of bread ready hysteria rye and
wheat flour
common salt yeast and 621 and
and 631 its 160 t e 551
and power Aces food value 100
gram of eggs see main product more
two to six months squirrel 11 grams
dawn
8.7 grams carbohydrates
seventy three point 2 grams and
energy value of 415 a lot of life
problems in the life of a lot of hassles and problems and
you come with your three crusts and
I understand we all have three normal crusts
simple along with friends flowing with friends
the news god took a mortgage specifically 3
as per guest
cool flowed here we see that
the peak is not all at once and the price of one such
packs range from 12 to 16 rubles
Thank you all for watching.
likes subscribe to our channel with you
there was a command of intelligence bye